Is that woman really so poor that she can only sell flowers?
Why are you still thinking about a stupid woman?
Does being poor have anything to do with me?
Zhizhi, you are not sleepy so late
Brother, I'm not sleepy.
If there is someone else willing to pay a high price for you
You go to sleep first
You haven't rested well to take care of me these days, okay?
Then you go to bed early. Hmm.
This is when Konoshi was a child
So stupid
You can't even see my trumpet.
It's all about me
There are also many landscape painters with good culture
Don't you look at something else?
Yo, the tone is so domineering
It looks like Chen Xunan.
Maybe being overbearing is a common problem with people who don't have money
Well, you sold three paintings in the past.
I'm exhausted. I'm going to bed.
Mr. Shen still cares about Miss Mu, right?
If you're so elusive again
I'll make you disappear without a trace, okay?
Don't believe it
I just wanted to tell you about tomorrow's schedule
And there is only one important document
These are wooden boys, aren't they cute?
If you mention this woman to me again
Get the hell out of here
Obviously you can't let go of what you said
I said I swear
I will
I will never mention anything about Miss Mu again
include
He has been downstairs in the company for several mornings
Waiting for you
I will never tell you